The original 3 movies I picked in the introduction week are probably
different than the 3 movies I used in this assignment. The only reason
is that I cant remember the movies I picked and also because my favorites
change all the time. The 3 movies used in this assignment are: 

Goal!, Cool Runnings & Wolf of Wall Street

The first run I did was with the movie Goal! And the recommended system was 
based on the movie summary.  The movie Goal! is a Drama and Sports movie, with 
a hint of comedy. I like the soccer aspect of the movie, I watched it as a young 
kid and as a child you want to become a professional soccer player as well.  

The top 3 suggestions from the system where: Peggy Sue Got Married, Grown Ups 2 
and Ghostbusters. From the 3 movies I know Grown Ups 2 and Ghostbusters, both movies
 I enjoyed a lot. When I read the summary of the movie Peggy Sue Got Married I was 
impressed. It was a movie with an actor I like a lot (Nicolas Cage) and the story 
sounds like a movie I would enjoy. 

The system actually recommended a new movie for me to watch that is now on my list!

The second run I did was with the movie Cool Runnings. It is a classic movie I 
watched with my father and it is a comedy. The cast of the movie is quite unknown 
(at the time of making the movie at least). I tried to use the title of to 
movie to generate suggestions. Unfortunately the system did not create a recommendation 
in the csv file. Probably not that weird because I focused on the title of movies and 
the keyword “ runnings”. This model did not work as well as the model that worked with 
the summary, because there where no recommendations with a rank of 0.1

The final run was with the movie Wolf Of Wall Street. A movie that got me motivated 
to do some sales work in the past, just to try some of the tactics displayed in the 
movie. Different than the other runs, this run focused on the main actor instead of 
the movie summary or movie title.  The system created a list of 4 movies, The Newton 
Boys, Baby Driver & We Are Marshall. 

The movie Baby Driver is a movie I already saw, and was very good, the other two 
movies are unknown for me. Unfortunately the summary of The Newton Boys is missing 
in the data set, but We Are Marshall looks like a nice movie as well, I will also 
add it to my list. 

In conclusion I can say that using the summary variable worked best and using 
the title variable worked the worst. If I would use this system and improve it I 
would use the information of the first run and continue improving that model. I 
have to say that most results are not what I expected because I expected to 
see only movies I knew, but still I was able to add 2 new movies to my watch list. 
I did expect that the summary was the best variable, because this gives the most 
information about a movie. 